this 2013 there are dean and dean elections
Rector at the University of Buenos Aires
and those who choose them from the elect
called organs of co - government
to the dean the board of directors which is the
maximum organ that governs each faculty
It is composed of four students
four graduates and eight teachers this
regulation to the general questions of
the life of each academic unit and each
four years chooses dean
the election of the rector of the university
of Buenos Aires is a little more complex
and still less democratic let's start
saying that the regular organ of
The government of the grape is presided by the
rector is the superior council this is
composed of five graduates five
students and 18 teachers 13 of the
which are the deans of each faculty
this top advice plus the tips
directors of each faculty meet
every four years in a bad call
university assembly this is commissioned
to choose the rector and other things so
important how to create or delete
powers and even modify the statute
uba of the problem is that if they make the
university government account
is far from the democratic being the
students are underrepresented
five senior counselors must
represent 360,000 students the
non-teaching workers do not have
representation 0 name nothing the cloister
of teachers excludes the immense
most of the teachers
a little over 800 lucky
teachers have the right to choose
counselors the immense rest that follow
participating
what is it for us and us?
democratize the uba is to establish the
single teaching cloister because all and
they all share the same task that is
the one to teach is to establish the increase
of student representation being
the majority of the academic community today
we are a minority in government
is to create a voice and vote for non-teachers
who work day by day at the university
but they are not part of the decisions
democratizing is also demanding more
budget for education have
access and stay policies
eliminate precarious work in the UBA and
defend our university autonomy
but we do not want an island university
we want a massive university
democratic and popular neither hallyu nor
barbieri democraticemos la uba